
make-http-bindings
------------------
A stub procedure in which to make the http bindings.

    (define (make-http-bindings)
      (list
      	(make-http-binding ...)
      	(make-http-binding ...)
      	(make-http-binding ...)))

http-binding
------------
A record that binds http requests to a service.  
See also the define-http-binding macro, which automatically  
generates the required make-http-binding procedure for a service.

__method__  
The http method to match.

    "GET"

__route__  
A regular expression pattern representing the urls to match.

    "^customers/(\\d{1,6})$"

__service__  
The service procedure to match.

    get-customer-service

__parse-request-procedure__  
A procedure responsible for parsing matched http requests.  
It receives a list of values captured from the route,  
and the http request body.  

    (define (http-parse-get-customer-request route-captures request-body)
      ...)

A procedure to parses the request body has already  
been generated by the define-request macro.

    json-parse-get-customer-request

Simply pass it to json-parse-request procedure,  
along with the request body.

	(json-parse-request request-body json-parse-get-customer-request)

In our example, the request body would be empty.  
We would instead make the service request from the route captures.

    (make-get-customer-request
      (string->number (car route-captures)))

__format-response-procedure__  
A procedure responsible for formatting service responses.  

    (define (http-format-get-customer-response response)
      ...)

A procedure to formats the service response has already  
been generated by the define-response macro.

    json-format-get-customer-response

Simply pass it to json-format-response procedure,  
along with the service response.

    (json-format-response response json-format-get-customer-response)

http-handle-request
-------------------
Handles a http request.

This procedure invokes the make-http-bindings procedure, and looks for a match.  
If none is found, it writes a 404 response.

    (make-http-bindings)

This procedure then invokes the parse-request-procedure of the matched http-binding.  
Should the parse procedure returns #f, this procedure writes a 400 response. 

    (define (http-parse-get-customer-request route-captures request-body)
      ...)

This procedure then invokes the service.  
If a validation exception is raised, it writes a 422 response.  
The response body will then contain an array of validation error symbols.  
See also validation-exception? and validation-errors.

If the service succeeds, this procedure invokes the  
format-response-procedure of the matched http-binding.  
It then writes a 200 response with that body content.

    (define (http-format-get-customer-response response)
      ...)

__fastcgi-request*__  
A pointer to a fast cgi request.

__side effect__  
Writes a response to the fast cgi output stream.